# The Qoryn Tiin Project

Welcome to the Qoryn Tiin World Building Project! This project
is a community worldbuilding effort to create a fictional
world, complete with people, cultures, and history. It was
originally created to give those that had a lot of free time
due to cancellations because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

## What is Worldbuilding?

Worldbuilding is an activity defined by Wikipedia as
> the process of constructing an imaginary world, sometimes
> associated with a whole fictional universe.

And this pretty much sums up what we are doing here. We are
building, from the ground up, a world with the name of Qoryn 
Tiin.

## Why are we Worldbuilding?

As was mentioned before, this project was brought together to
give the creative beings from
[r/worldbuilding](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldbuilding) and
its related subreddits something to do while they wait for life 
to resume normalcy.

We are also worldbuilding for the sheer joy of creating 
fictitious content! We enjoy using our minds to imagine what
*could* be.

## Who is Worldbuilding?

We are a group of diverse abilities; among our ranks are 
mapmakers, conlangers, writers, sci-fi and fantasy enthusiasts, 
artists, and even some programmers.

More importantly, we want **you** to join us! We want your
opinions, ideas, artwork, and abilities to help us in sculpting
Qoryn Tiin!

## Where are we Worldbuilding?

Our original headquarters are 
[r/QorynTiin](https://www.reddit.com/r/QorynTiin), but we also
have a [Discord server](https://discord.gg/7bhGXGU) you are more
than welcome to join!
