Here is our plan for the building of Qoryn Tiin. Note: these
are not the objectives; this writing lays out *how* we will
complete the objectives.

# Get the Basics Figured Out

In this stage, we will primarily be using one method to
determine world aspects: formal designation. Any other methods
must be discussed with the moderators. The decisions being made
in this stage will be those laid out in "Establish World
Basics" of objectives.md .

## Formal Designation

Formal designation consists of three main steps: nomination,
polling, and integration. Previous to these steps, the world
aspect to be determined will be announced, and ideas for
nomination may be discussed on the 
[Discord](https://discord.gg/7bhGXGU).

### Nomination

In this step, the world aspect to be determined will be
formally announced with a post on
[the subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/QorynTiin). The post
will be tagged as `Nominations`. It will specify how the 
nominations are to be made. A deadline for nominations will
also be specified.

### Polling

After the deadline for nominations is reached, the polling 
stage begins. A second formal announcement will be posted, 
tagged as `Poll`. This post will specify how you are to vote on
the nominations. A polling deadline will exist. At the end of
this deadline, votes will be tallied to determine the winning
nomination.

### Integration

Once the winning nomination has been determined, a group of
"Integrators" will begin the task of integrating the winning
nomination into the canon.
